https://codepen.io/brandynwilliams/pen/GREPbOp?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.

2. What is HTML used for?
It is used to create Web pages and tells the browser how to display them 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
attributes provide additional information about HTML elements and we put them in the start tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The H1 tag is used for the title of the page, there should only be one h1 per page

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The img tag and HREF to link to external websites

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
The <head> tag

7. What is an id?
It is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.

You cannot have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
You can use the ID selector on headings or images, buttons, and other HTML elements.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

10. What is a class?
A class is an attribute used to define a group of HTML elements in order to apply unique styling and formatting

11. What elements can I add a class to?
Divs and spans

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

Multiple times, their is no limit 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
The alt attribute adds a text description to an image on a Web pag

15. How do I reference an id?
With a hash(#)

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section means that the content inside is grouped. A div does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class , lang and title attributes

17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to define styles for your web pages

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {

}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements.

<p class="funny">
<p id="intro">Welcome to the intro</p>

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With a period (.)

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human {

}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you want to select all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
#sidebar a:link

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state for example hover


25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property


26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border-style: dotted;
    border-width: 1px;
    border-color: black;
}


29. How do I select everything on the page? 
The * selector

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */ marks

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
Cd command 


32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
using the ls command

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Using the del command. It deletes files without a prompt and skips the trash can

34. Why should I use version control?
To keep track of changes and have a back up incase anything goes wrong

35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you finish a step.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name 

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the repo
Clone Repo using SSH
git clone
CD into repository
Create a branch using git checkout -b branch-name
git add .
git commit -m 'message'
git push
Compare and pull request


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements do not force a new line to begin. Block elements typically do

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
An element that is absolutely positioned is taken out of the flow; thus, other elements are positioned as if it did not exist


3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

Using margins and padding

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Display Block
<div>
<h1> - <h6>
<p> 


Inline
<a>
<strong>, <em>

inline block
Img



5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
The CSS box model is essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of: margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.
The fix is the box-sizing: border-box